# The purpose of writing this book

&#x20;           My first job was as a programmer. In my daily work, I began to find that programs are needed in many places in life, but they are not attractive enough for capital. After having this idea, I began to think, what role does the current technological development play in the economy? What changes will future technology bring? How do we respond to changes brought about by technology?&#x20;

&#x20;            According to my understanding, the development of technology can gradually free people from direct labor. After technology replaces labor, we need to update the social distribution mechanism to ensure that the dividends of technological progress can be distributed to more people. to the crowd. People's work needs and technological developments conflict. The needs of work and survival are hindering the further spread of technology, thus slowing down the progress of technology. On the contrary, the advancement of science and technology is gradually squeezing the living space of ordinary people and bringing about a large gap between the rich and the poor.

&#x20;            From the perspective of the social economy, the development logic of the capital economy is to continuously earn excess profits from the market, rather than create social value. The purpose of such capital is to continuously play capital games in the stock economy and earn stock profits from the world's huge population market without innovating and transforming.

&#x20;            Today's pharmaceutical companies are facing such a situation, constantly launching new drugs, optimizing and grading existing market demand, and turning simple and effective treatment methods into complex and lengthy treatment plans. At present, most of the basic diseases known to people have obtained basic solutions. For pharmaceutical companies, this is the largest profit market, and a large amount of investment in the research and development of drugs for unpopular diseases is not enough for companies under private ownership. Adequate. From the perspective of social development, under the current social model of human beings, the progress of civilization is slowing down.

&#x20;            In my growth experience, I saw many disputes between doctors and patients and bad social phenomena. An idea came to my mind,Why can’t people get medical treatment when they are sick? Why are medicines so expensive? Can't the current development of science and technology help ordinary people solve their diseases? With the development of science and technology, the cost of medicine should gradually decrease, and people should gradually get rid of the troubles with diseases. At the same time, I am also constantly imagining a possibility. With the development of civilization, whether access to medical treatment should be listed as a basic right of people in the current society. Most people may laugh at my naivety of thinking. However, please let me clarify the logic. In the current society, the great cost of medicine lies in the marketing expenses between pharmaceutical companies, and the real cost of drug production is actually not high, especially in some countries where sufficient solutions have already been formed. In the field of basic diseases, everyone has sufficient production capacity, and ultimately it depends on who can sell enough medicines to consumers. The arrival of medicines in the hands of consumers is already the result of continuous accumulation of costs. And public medical care will face a problem. The common interests among pharmaceutical companies, hospitals, and government agencies, and a large amount of financial allocation each year, have become the goals of this industrial chain, which has greatly pushed up the cost of public medical care. Under the current market rules, it is difficult for ordinary people to have a good medical environment. People in every medical link first think of benefits rather than curing diseases. Packaging human beings' fear of disease into "job insurance", coupled with adding complicated processes and expensive labels to the training of doctors, has formed a costly medical system.

&#x20;              In fact, commercialization and money-making effects are inevitable phenomena in this society and people's natural needs for profit. But one of the more mature criteria for overall social development must be to liberate people from the basic needs of seeing a doctor.

&#x20;              If one-tenth of the top financial talents join the work related to scientific and technological research and social management, then the overall level of human progress will be greatly improved. The financial system has absorbed too many high-level talents, which can only increase the gap in social wealth. These talents join the financial industry to obtain higher returns, so can we increase the treatment and guarantees or other conditions for technology and scientific research workers, so that these people can not only obtain high returns but also create society? value.

